+++
date = "2018-07-22T04:02:18+08:00"
description = "About this project"
layout = "single"
title = "About"
type = "page"
keywords =["about","one line poetry","design","Jakki"]
theme = "dark"
+++


## About the project

**one line poetry** is an ongoing conceptual design-think-piece created for the purpose of combining design, art and code in interesting and experimental ways. 

I've always wanted to create a space to utilise both code and art like paint on canvas, and creating visual art using a combination of technical and artistic mediums seemed fitting to me considering how I got here in the first place.

I've been tinkering with art and code since I was a teenager. The thing that most inspired me to code in the first place was WordPress. More specifically their iconic phrase **"code is poetry"**. I have always been a very creative person - drawing, writing, etc. however I owe WP a great deal for not only being a huge inspiration, but for making me realise just how immensely creative, poetic, and clever code can be too. I hope this project can be a place where code and art mutually coexist in harmony- and also where I can experiment and learn how to do and create things better too.

## About the person

This project is by [Jaclyn Tan](http://jaclyntan.com), a designer and front end dev from Perth Australia. It's been a dream of mine to combine both code and art into a freeform format, and as a primarily visual artist and designer, I'm not placing any limits, schedules, standards, or other on this project- only that I hope it evokes feelings from myself and you, the viewer.

When I'm not pulling all-nighters coding or drawing, I also enjoy cooking, playing RPGs/sims(Cities Skylines, Starbound, Skyrim, Sims3 rn), reading high fantasy and trashy thriller noirs, and crafting tangible, papery things. 


## Colophon
This site is generated by Hugo and hosted on Github/Netlify. Type is set in Freight Text Pro and Clone Rounded.